What if we now try to edit this.
If I remove key exclamation marks and I reloaded the app whilst I was on this page.
So I have not visited offers and discover the now tried to save as I get an error.
And the reason for that error simply is that on the places service we have our update play some effort
and there we get that data which we just entered on the form.
But then we try to update a place in our array of places.
Now obviously dad might not exist though we're fetching our array of places here but initially that
is empty right.
We initialize the behavior subject with an empty place and does only changes if fetch places is called.
So if we do fetch places from our back end but we never did this here.
So how can we work around this then.
Well in the end here in switch map where I try to get my places we can add a if check and we can see
if not places or if places length is smaller or equaled in 0 which means we don't have any places yet.
And in this case the observable I want to return here is this fetch places to fetch my places with the
help of the fetch places method remember the fetch places method here in the end will go ahead and fetch
all places and it will then also update our places in the subscription but more important than that
it will also give us the places in the subscribe method we haven't used that thus far because we only
need at the update in the subscription.
Now down here we're not interested in subscription update because we don't set up an ongoing subscription
we only take one snapshot and that would be the empty list here.
If there are no places initially but the good thing is fetch places still returns us it is updated array
of places so we can use that here too and the subscription will be changed or the global list of places
new behavior subject will be changed along the way in the background as well.
By the logic we have in fetch places.
So here I returned this fetch places.
If we have no places yet.
Otherwise so in the Ellis case I just return places.
But this would now be invalid because you actually need to return observable here and for this hour
extra as has the nice off observable creation operator which you import up there from our extra yes.
So not from our exchange as operators but just from our exchanges.
And what of does is it takes any value like an array or a number doesn't matter and it wraps it into
a new observable that will immediately emit a value and does is only required here so that in both cases
we definitely return an observable because switch map you need to return one and now you can take all
that logic here
and cut that and add another switch map
operator a year where you now get your places list again.
And now here you can add all the logic you had in the old switch map operator.
The difference here simply is that now places is guaranteed to be an array here because either we had
one right from the start then this of course was a bit of a redundant step but it also doesn't hurt
or we had no places.
Well then this was a super important step because then we fetched places and now with that we make sure
that when we update our places we should always have a list of places which we can update.
So if I now added this and removed the exclamation marks and I save this now it is looks way better
even though I never visited any other page before but our updating logic now works because we ensure
that we always have a list of places to work with.